nixos/grafana-agent: remove (#395514)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/release-notes/rl-2505.section.md

- The default PHP version has been updated to 8.4.

> - Grafana Agent, both the package as well as the NixOS module have been removed, as they're incompatible with the remaining Go compilers available in nixpkgs and will also become EOL during the 25.05 lifecycle.

Reviewer: This is currently in the "Highlights" sections, but should be in the "Backward Incompatibilities" instead.

Also, I came up with the following. The important bit being a pointer to `grafana-alloy` and maybe even a link to their migration docs, so users aren't left in the dust when reading the release notes or one of the eval errors.

Feel free to rewrite and modify this (and the suggestions below) to your liking, as long as you mention `grafana-alloy`.

Hope that makes sense.

```suggestion
- `grafana-agent` and `services.grafana-agent` have been removed in favor of Grafana Alloy (`grafana-alloy` and `services.alloy`, as they depend on an EOL compiler version and will become EOL during the 25.05 lifecycle. Grafana recommends migrating to `grafana-alloy` (`services.alloy`). See https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/set-up/migrate/ for details.
```

Author: Done (and moved it to the "Backward Incompatibilities" section.

- [testers.shellcheck](https://nixos.org/manual/nixpkgs/unstable/#tester-shellcheck) now warns when `name` is not provided.
  The `name` argument will become mandatory in a future release.

- `grafana-agent` and `services.grafana-agent` have been removed in favor of
  Grafana Alloy (`grafana-alloy` and `services.alloy`), as they depend on an EOL compiler version
  and will become EOL during the 25.05 lifecycle.
  Grafana recommends migrating to `grafana-alloy` (`services.alloy`).

>   See https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/set-up/migrate/ for details.

Reviewer: I forgot that `nix-build nixos/release.nix -A manual.x86_64-linux` wants URLs to be wrapped in `<>` in order to render them as links instead of literal text.

Other entries have the same issue, so this something for the release editors to fix before release.
Not worth another review cycle.

The eval errors below work as they should.
